add information on property value types (#138)
uc-cdis/gen3.org: content/resources/operator/_index.md

### Modifying a Data Dictionary
Once users have obtained the baseline dictionary, users can make updates to it.  To create a data dictionary tailored to a particular project, the user can modify the baseline dictionary using a program which automatically updates the dictionary given TSV input which specifies the desired changes to the dictionary. The updates are based on instructions that are included in a TSV file such as update a property, delete a node, etc.  Instructions for implementing the script can be found [here](https://github.com/uc-cdis/planx-bioinfo-tools/tree/master/dictionary_tools). For those that are interested in making edits directly to a YAML file, we are also in the process of automating this process.

> > Note: The Gen3 dictionary is stored in JSON format following the [jsonschema](https://cswr.github.io/JsonSchema/spec/basic_types/). The backend (Sheepdog) stores properties in the database as jsonb files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The Gen3 dictionary is stored in JSON format following the [jsonschema](https://cswr.github.io/JsonSchema/spec/basic_types/). The backend (Sheepdog) stores properties in the database as jsonb.
```

#### Creating Valuable Data Descriptions

It's important to create clear and concise descriptions for each property in a dictionary. The descriptions should be understandable by someone who is not familiar with a particular domain. When available, including the unit of measure in parenthesis at the end of the description would be helpful in cases where the unit of measure is not included elsewhere in the description. When a clear description is not readily available, it's recommended that an external vocabulary such as NCIt be used as they offer definitions for terms from a plethora of domains.

#### Selecting the Property Type

The Gen3 model allows for a selection of property types that can be used to specify or limit values submitted for each property.

> The available types follow the [jsonschema basic types](https://cswr.github.io/JsonSchema/spec/basic_types/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available types are [jsonschema types](https://cswr.github.io/JsonSchema/spec/introduction/):
```

Reviewer: changing the link because array, object, null are not listed on the "basic types" page

- string; [example](https://github.com/uc-cdis/openaccess_dictionary/blob/master/gdcdictionary/schemas/drug.yaml#L274)
- boolean; [example](https://github.com/uc-cdis/openaccess_dictionary/blob/master/gdcdictionary/schemas/drug.yaml#L79)
- number; [example](https://github.com/uc-cdis/openaccess_dictionary/blob/master/gdcdictionary/schemas/drug.yaml#L354); can be float, long, or double as shown [here](https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema/reference/numeric.html).
- integer; [example](https://github.com/uc-cdis/openaccess_dictionary/blob/master/gdcdictionary/schemas/drug.yaml#L418)
- enum; [example](https://github.com/uc-cdis/openaccess_dictionary/blob/master/gdcdictionary/schemas/drug.yaml#L401)
- array; [example](https://github.com/uc-cdis/openaccess_dictionary/blob/master/gdcdictionary/schemas/expression_result.yaml#L150)

> - regex patterns (including strings, integers, and numbers to modify the format); [example](https://github.com/uc-cdis/openaccess_dictionary/blob/master/gdcdictionary/schemas/_definitions.yaml#L103)

Reviewer: should add `null` type

> - regex patterns (including strings, integers, and numbers to modify the format); [example](https://github.com/uc-cdis/openaccess_dictionary/blob/master/gdcdictionary/schemas/_definitions.yaml#L103)

Reviewer: replace `master` with `415bf61707ba55a6772423c461da3f16eef9c451` (the latest commit) in all these links. If you just use "master", the links won't point to the same line anymore when the file contents change
